Fusion content (#7794)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion-supported-packages.md

> The following packages are verified and supported on the dbt Fusion engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following packages are verified and supported on the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />:
```
